
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Features
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
10 Best Songs
 
 
 
 
 
 
Album Of The Week
 
 
 
 
 
 
Band To Watch
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cover Story
 
 
 
 
 
 
Counting Down
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gotcha Covered
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gummy Awards
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interview
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Premature Evaluation
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shut Up Dude
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sounding Board
 
 
 
 
 
 
Status Ain't Hood
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stereogum Sessions
 
 
 
 
 
 
Straight To Video
 
 
 
 
 
 
The 5 Best Songs Of The Week
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Anniversary
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Black Market
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Number Ones
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Week In Pop
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tracking Down
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ugly Beauty
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ultimate Playlist
 
 
 
 
 
 
All Features
 
 
 
 
 
 
 the latest // 
 The Number Ones 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Number Ones: Percy Faith’s “Theme From  A Summer Place “ 
 
 
 
 
 
New Music
 
 
 
 
Videos
 
 
 
 
Lists
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share < br />this article: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Status Ain't Hood 
 
 
 JPEGMAFIA Makes Murky Lo-Fi Rap Into Something Exciting 
 
 
 
 Tom Breihan 
 
 @tombreihan 
 
 | 11:19 am 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share < br />this article: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 When the lanky, pointy-jawed wrestler Edge debuted in the WWF in 1998, looking like a Rob Liefeld drawing, he was an evil, grinning goth in a leather trench coat, the acolyte of a wrestling vampire who’d spit blood into the air on his way to the ring. Over the years, Edge’s character changed. He became a tag-team prop comic, a crash-and-burn ladder-match specialist, and a scheming sex maniac. By the time his injuries forced an early retirement a few years ago, he was a fairly bland down-the-middle hero. And his entrance music changed, the way wrestlers’ entrance music almost always changes. But the entire time, when he’d walk to the ring, you’d hear the same thing first: a muffled, echoing woman’s voice saying, “You think you know me.” The message was clear: We did  not  know this slippery, mysterious man. And when that sound clip plays, a few seconds into the Baltimore art-rapper JPEGMAFIA’s new album,  Veteran , the message is pretty much the same. 
 Veteran by JPEGMAFIA 
 JPEGMAFIA is, among many other things, a total maestro at the art of the pro wrestling reference. On his place in the world: “Black man, white fam, I feel like Jason Jordan.” On his toughness: “I’ll whip that ass like Sasha Banks.” (He’s the first male rapper I’ve ever heard comparing himself to a female wrestler.) Rappers have been using wrestling as punchline-fuel for decades, but the “you think you know me” serves a different function. It shows up over and over on  Veteran , like a producer’s tag. And the whole time, it’s a statement of elusiveness, an enigma’s mantra.  
 JPEGMAFIA was born in Brooklyn, and he lives in Los Angeles now. He’s lived a bunch of different places, thanks in part to a four-year stint in the Air Force. (He served a tour of duty in Iraq.) But he considers himself a Baltimore artist, even though he only lived there for a few years. Listening to him, it makes sense. Baltimore, where I’m from, has had an insanely healthy DIY art-music scene for as long as I can remember; it goes a lot deeper than the bands who made it out to get mainstream-indie press in the last decade. (When I lived there, the whole warehouse scene was almost overwhelmingly white, but it’s apparently become much less so in recent years.) The energy I associate with Baltimore’s whole warehouse universe — the slapdash venues in dilapidated storefronts and rowhouses, the weaponized irreverence, the bands pulling up in vans to play five-minute guerrilla sets outside other bands’ shows — is all over JPEGMAFIA’s music. 
 
 As a producer, JPEGMAFIA draws on noise and industrial, and he cites Throbbing Gristle as an influence. But the way he uses those sounds is worlds away from what I hear in Death Grips, the group to whom he’s most often compared. JPEGMAFIA messes around with noise and rupture and confrontational transgression for the sake of it, but he does it playfully, as if he’s just enjoying some grand, cosmic joke. He’s also more rooted in head-slap rap music than Death Grips or their peers out there in the noise-rap ether.  
 JPEGMAFIA has produced for and done shows with Brooklyn’s Elucid, one of the rappers on the weirder edge of New York’s boom-bap underground. And he’s absolutely happy to threaten to fuck you up. But the way he fuses that art-kid sensibility and that rap intensity is fascinating. There’s a moment on  Veteran  where JPEGMAFIA barks, “Feminist, pistol-whip your bitch first, that’s chivalry.” But the word “bitch” fades out into a cloud of static, as if he thought better of using it but couldn’t bring himself to discard a nasty line like that. A  lot  of his lines fade out like that. He won’t let his tracks fall into any kind of groove. Anytime you think you know what’s going on in his music, it wriggles away from you. If SoundCloud-rap is an accepted genre, Bandcamp-rap should be one, too, and JPEGMAFIA should be its standard bearer. 
 
 I’ve read a few pieces where writers claim to hear shades of Baltimore club music in JPEGMAFIA’s music. I don’t hear that  at all . Baltimore club music is music for dancing, and that is  not  the case with JPEGMAFIA’s music. But I do hear one similarity between what he’s doing and Baltimore’s great homegrown strain of low-tech house music, and that’s a gleeful willingness to completely plunder culture for anything that works. I’ve heard Baltimore club remixes of all types of wild shit — the Royal Crown Revue, the Darth Vader Imperial March, the “Uncle Fucker” song from the  South Park  movie. JPEGMAFIA does the same thing as a producer; he’s happy to grab, for instance, that “you think you know me.” And he does the same thing as a rapper, too. JPEGMAFIA’s references are truly weird and funny and fascinating. On one track from  Veteran , he snarls, “Bitch, I shop at Whole Foods like I’m bougie.” On another, he says he’s got the “AR built like Lena Dunham,” and I don’t even know what that means.  
 
 There’s a lot of righteous political and racial rage in JPEGMAFIA’s music, and he exaggerates it for effect. (On a mixtape a couple of years ago, he told every dead cop in the Dallas massacre to suck his dick in the afterlife.) Even there, though, there’s a playfulness at work. Most of the time, he keeps us at arm’s length, daring us to decode his jokes. This is a rapper with a song called “I Might Vote 4 Donald Trump” and another called “I Cannot Fucking Wait Until Morrissey Dies.” My favorite line from  Veteran  is a total roller-coaster of synaptic connections: “Word in the street, you’re a libtard / Word in the street, you’re a Bill Maher / Word in the street, you fucked Tomi Lahren / Word in the street, I know my real mom.” It’s not easy to keep up with this level of free-associative reasoning. But it sure is fun, as long as you never think you know him. 
 FURIOUS FIVE 
 1. YG – “Suu Whoop” 
He was trying to make party records for a while, and that was fine. But YG really becomes YG when he is stomping holes in our collective ribcage. 
 
 2. 03 Greedo – “Substance” 
The great thing about DJ Screw’s music — what made it psychedelic — was the way it took all the sounds of rap music and forced them to melt into one another. Twenty years later, 03 Greedo is finding entirely different ways to do that same thing. It’s inspiring. 
 
 3. Valee – “Miami (Remix)” (Feat. Pusha T) 
Valee has been developing his weirdly fussy rap style for a few years now, and it’s not like Pusha adds anything to it, other than padding the song out. (Valee songs tend to be less than two minutes long.) But it’s still a cool song, and you can hear Pusha delight in his new power to lend the G.O.O.D. Music imprimatur to a deserving, fascinating underground rapper. 
 
 4. Wiki – “Hands Out” (Feat. Suspect) 
Wiki’s grimy-urchin charisma is usually out front and center on his tracks; we don’t get to hear him ride a beat like this too often. So enjoy it. He’s good at it. 
 
 5. DDG – “Bank” 
Bank bank bank bank bank bank bank ayy. 
 
 IT WAS ALL GOOD JUST A WEEK AGO 
 
 the culture has been waiting for this collab between Zaytoven and keyboard legend "Larry Flynt Immediately After He Was Shot"  pic.twitter.com/oeAjQr04Dw 
 — PAPPADEMAS (@PAPPADEMAS)  February 14, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Recommended for you 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Watch August Greene Play Unreleased Songs At Tiny Desk Concert
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Illuminati Hotties – “(You’re Better) Than Ever” Video
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Zola Jesus – “Bound”
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sorority Noise – “Chelsea Hotel No. 2″ (Leonard Cohen Cover)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Towkio Flying 100,000 Miles High In A Helium Balloon To Literally Drop His Album
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
High Sunn – “Those Last Words”
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Comments Show the rest of the comments 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 SIGN UP FOR THE STEREOGUM DIGEST 
 
 
 
Thank you for signing up for our newsletter.
 
 
An error has occurred.
 
 
 
 Submit 
 
 
 
 
 
Heavy Rotation
 All » Kal Marks – Universal Care Screaming Females – All At Once Vundabar – Smell Smoke Kero Kero Bonito – TOTEP Nipsey Hussle – Victory Lap American Pleasure Club – A Whole Fucking Lifetime of This American Nightmare – American Nightmare U.S. Girls – In A Poem Unlimited     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In Case You Missed It  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 38 Essential '80s Songs About Nuclear Anxiety 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 30 Essential Songs From The Golden Era Of Emo 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 34 Essential Glam Songs 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 FEATURES 
 SONGS 
 VIDEOS 
 LISTS 
 CONTACT US 
 
 Stereogum .com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group.
 
 About  Stereogum 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 Copyright 
 
 
 
 
 Billboard  |
 The Hollywood Reporter  |
 SPIN  |
 VIBE  |
 deathandtaxesmag  |
 Stereogum 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 Close 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 Username 
 
 
 
 Password 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Remember me   
 
 
 Not a member? 
 Sign Up  /  Forgot your password? 
 
 Sign in with Facebook 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Email
 
 
 
 
 
Username
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Password
 
 
 
 
 
Confirm Password
 
 
 
 
 Sign in with Facebook   
 
 Already a member?  Sign In 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 Please enter your account email address, we'll send you an email with instructions to reset your password: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Cancel 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
