
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Music Style Pop Culture Sports Life Sneakers Shows Buyer's Guide Shop Channels Music Style Pop Culture Sports Life Sneakers Pigeons & Planes Shows Buyer's Guide Shop Podcasts Newsletters Learn & Grow Education Stream On Youtube Twitch Netflix Hulu Roku Pluto.tv Xumo AppleTv Tubi Follow On Facebook Twitter Instagram Snapchat Pinterest TikTok Read On Apple News Flipboard Google News RSS Feed Complex Sites First We Feast Sole Collector Complexcon ComplexLand Work with us Careers Advertise Complex b.o.s.s. Contact us Complex Global Canada United Kingdom Australia Netherlands Complex Chinese Terms Terms of use Privacy Privacy Policy Cookies CA Privacy California Privacy Site Map Public Notice Accessibility Statement COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Complex Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Complex.com is a part of Who Is JPEGMAFIA? By Graham Corrigan Mar 29, 2018 Share This Story COMMENT  Subscribe On Youtube The music of  JPEGMAFIA  is a  full-body experience . The aggressive, stuttering production all comes from the artist born Barrington Hendricks—he's handled production and vocals for a while, and made the jump to self-mixing and mastering for his latest album, the ground-breaking  Veteran . The album is a new leaf for JPEG (a.k.a. Peggy). It takes cues from his past experiences in rap and punk, adding production that is at turns melodic and catchy, before descending back into the depths of screams and distortion (see: "1539 N. Calvert" transitioning to "Real Nega").  He was originally inspired by  Diplomatic Immunity,  but could be identified as an early incarnation of the SoundCloud rap dominating charts today. "There's no right or wrong way to do things," he says, "and I think a lot of the SoundCloud rappers with their DIY music are proving that to be true. Their mixes all sound like ass. And they're all great."  We joined forces at  VR World , a new storefront near Times Square that boasts a myriad of interactive gaming experiences. There are exercise VR machines, VR machines that test balance, reflexes, and basic shoot-em-up games. It's a little overwhelming, but it seemed an appropriate place for someone who describes themselves as "a product of the internet," even if Peggy freely admitted to not knowing a thing about VR. Once there, the artist shared his long, intercontinental story. He grew up amidst everyday racism in Alabama, joined the Air Force and spent some formative years in Japan, and is now operating out of Baltimore. The independent streak is fully intact, and the music just keeps getting better. Watch our latest episode of  Who Is?  above, and listen to  Veteran  below.  Pigeons & Planes is all about music discovery, supporting new artists, and delivering the best music curation online and IRL. Follow us on  Twitter  and  Instagram . OUR COMMUNITY Join the conversation on Complex today! COMMENT Videos Pigeons And Planes Complex Video P&P Video JPEGMAFIA Share This Story Sign up for  Complex notifications  for breaking news and stories. No Thanks Allow 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
