
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 news 
 
 
 music 
 
 
 in depth 
 
 
 videos 
 
 
 lists 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 In Depth 
 Who Is JPEGMAFIA? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 × 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                    Pigeons & Planes
                 
 
 
 
 news
                             
 
 
 
 music
                             
 
 
 
 in depth
                             
 
 
 
 videos
                             
 
 
 
 lists
                             
 
 
 
                    other
                 
 
 
 
 discover
                             
 
 
 
 events
                             
 
 
 
 best songs
                             
 
 
 
 interviews
                             
 
 
 
 shop
                             
 
 
 More from Complex Networks 
 
 
 
 Complex
             
 
 
 
 First We Feast
             
 
 
 
 Sole Collector
             
 
 
 
 Green Label
             
 
 
 
 Rated Red
             
 
 
 
 GO90
             
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  The href is the URL of the current Article Page. Intended to be passed to the cmplx-ng-facebookcomments.js Angular Controller  
 
 
  yahoo.beacon  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Who Is JPEGMAFIA? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Graham Corrigan 
 
 
 
 
 Mar 29, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The music of  JPEGMAFIA  is a  full-body experience . The aggressive, stuttering production all comes from the artist born Barrington Hendricks—he's handled production and vocals for a while, and made the jump to self-mixing and mastering for his latest album, the ground-breaking  Veteran . 
 The album is a new leaf for JPEG (a.k.a. Peggy). It takes cues from his past experiences in rap and punk, adding production that is at turns melodic and catchy, before descending back into the depths of screams and distortion (see: "1539 N. Calvert" transitioning to "Real Nega").  
 He was originally inspired by  Diplomatic Immunity,  but could be identified as an early incarnation of the SoundCloud rap dominating charts today. "There's no right or wrong way to do things," he says, "and I think a lot of the SoundCloud rappers with their DIY music are proving that to be true. Their mixes all sound like ass. And they're all great."  
 We joined forces at  VR World , a new storefront near Times Square that boasts a myriad of interactive gaming experiences. There are exercise VR machines, VR machines that test balance, reflexes, and basic shoot-em-up games. It's a little overwhelming, but it seemed an appropriate place for someone who describes themselves as "a product of the internet," even if Peggy freely admitted to not knowing a thing about VR. 
 Once there, the artist shared his long, intercontinental story. He grew up amidst everyday racism in Alabama, joined the Air Force and spent some formative years in Japan, and is now operating out of Baltimore. The independent streak is fully intact, and the music just keeps getting better. Watch our latest episode of  Who Is?  above, and listen to  Veteran  below.  
 
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 Complex Video,  
 
 
 JPEGMAFIA,  
 
 
 P&P; Video 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                News
                                             
 
 
 
                                                In Depth
                                             
 
 
 
                                                Interviews
                                             
 
 
 
 
 
                                                Music
                                             
 
 
 
                                                Discover
                                             
 
 
 
                                                Events
                                             
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                contact us
                                             
 
 
 
                                                careers
                                             
 
 
 
                                                advertise
                                             
 
 
 
 
 
                                                about us
                                             
 
 
 
                                                terms of use
                                             
 
 
 
                                                privacy policy
                                             
 
 
 
                                                site map
                                             
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 PIGEONS AND PLANES participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means PIGEONS AND PLANES gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. 
 
 
 ©  2018 Complex Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  Vidible Variables   
 
  Vidible Script  
 
  Begin Google Tag Manager  
 
 
 
 
 
  End Google Tag Manager  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
